Added Customizing Look and Functionality section (#149)
smartdevicelink/sdl_app_library_guides: docs/Customizing Look and Functionality/Customizing the Template/index.md

# Customizing the Template
There is some ability to customize the look and feel of the template. How much customization is available depends on the version of Core you are connected with and the design of the head unit.

> ## Customizing Template Colors (Core 5.0+)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Customizing Template Colors
```

Author: I've been asking Justin to provide these tags. I think they're more helpful than putting it into the text by being able to tell when features are available rather than guessing.

Reviewer 2: Not sure I agree. There is an implicit guarantee that this feature is available in all versions of Core 5.0+ when tagged as such (IMO), which is not true. Furthermore, it is related to the RPC spec, not versions of Core. It's actual expectation of being available is even more closely tied to the HMI than Core.

Author: Then how would you suggest that we tell developers how to tell if the feature is available outside of checking the RPC spec (which is what I was getting at here). Especially in the Remote Control features where code paths diverge between < 6.0 and >= 6.0 and developers have to write code for both if they want to support both.

Reviewer 2: I think checking the RPC spec version is fine, the tag `Core 5.0+` does not directly related to the RPC spec available or what developers need to check.

Author: Is replacing it with (RPC 5.0+) acceptable? I'll also add an issue to add a section on how to check the connected RPC spec version, which I don't think is currently available.

Reviewer 2: I think it's more inline with what is required for developers. I'm not a huge fan of in the header overall but I don't have a better suggestion.

> You can alter the appearance of your app on a head unit in a consistent way using template coloring APIs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can customize the color scheme of your app using template coloring APIs.
```

##### Objective-C
```objc
SDLRGBColor *green = [[SDLRGBColor alloc] initWithRed:126 green:188 blue:121];
SDLRGBColor *white = [[SDLRGBColor alloc] initWithRed:249 green:251 blue:254];
SDLRGBColor *darkGrey = [[SDLRGBColor alloc] initWithRed:57 green:78 blue:96];
SDLRGBColor *grey = [[SDLRGBColor alloc] initWithRed:186 green:198 blue:210];
lifecycleConfiguration.dayColorScheme = [[SDLTemplateColorScheme alloc] initWithPrimaryRGBColor:green secondaryRGBColor:grey backgroundRGBColor:white];
lifecycleConfiguration.nightColorScheme = [[SDLTemplateColorScheme alloc] initWithPrimaryRGBColor:green secondaryRGBColor:grey backgroundRGBColor:darkGrey];
```

##### Swift
```swift
let green = SDLRGBColor(red: 126, green: 188, blue: 121)
let white = SDLRGBColor(red: 249, green: 251, blue: 254)
let grey = SDLRGBColor(red: 186, green: 198, blue: 210)
let darkGrey = SDLRGBColor(red: 57, green: 78, blue: 96)
lifecycleConfiguration.dayColorScheme = SDLTemplateColorScheme(primaryRGBColor: green, secondaryRGBColor: grey, backgroundRGBColor: white)
lifecycleConfiguration.nightColorScheme = SDLTemplateColorScheme(primaryRGBColor: green, secondaryRGBColor: grey, backgroundRGBColor: darkGrey)
```

!!! NOTE

> You may only change the template coloring in the `lifecycleConfiguration` and the `SetDisplayLayout` (or `Show` if connected to a Core 6.0+ head unit) RPC requests. You may only change the template coloring once per template; that is, you cannot call `SetDisplayLayout` for the same templates you are already on and expect the coloring to change.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You may change the template coloring in the `lifecycleConfiguration` and the `SetDisplayLayout`, if connecting to a head unit with Core v.5.0+,  or with the `Show` request if connecting to Core v.6.0+. You may only change the template coloring once per template; that is, you cannot call `SetDisplayLayout` or `Show` for the template you are already on and expect the color scheme to update.
```

!!!

### Customizing Future Layouts

> You can also change template coloring when you change layouts by altering `SDLSetDisplayLayout`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can change the template color scheme when you change layouts in the @![iOS]`SDLSetDisplayLayout`!@`SetDisplayLayout`@![android, javaSE, javaEE]!@ request.
```

SDLRGBColor *grey = [[SDLRGBColor alloc] initWithRed:186 green:198 blue:210];

SDLSetDisplayLayout *setLayout = [[SDLSetDisplayLayout alloc] initWithPredefinedLayout:SDLPredefinedLayoutGraphicWithText];
setLayout.dayColorScheme = [[SDLTemplateColorScheme alloc] initWithPrimaryRGBColor:green secondaryRGBColor:grey backgroundRGBColor:white];
setLayout.nightColorScheme = [[SDLTemplateColorScheme alloc] initWithPrimaryRGBColor:green secondaryRGBColor:grey backgroundRGBColor:darkGrey];
```

##### Swift
```swift
let green = SDLRGBColor(red: 126, green: 188, blue: 121)
let white = SDLRGBColor(red: 249, green: 251, blue: 254)
let grey = SDLRGBColor(red: 186, green: 198, blue: 210)
let darkGrey = SDLRGBColor(red: 57, green: 78, blue: 96)

let setLayout = SDLSetDisplayLayout(predefinedLayout: .graphicWithText)
setLayout.dayColorScheme = SDLTemplateColorScheme(primaryRGBColor: green, secondaryRGBColor: grey, backgroundRGBColor: white)
setLayout.nightColorScheme = SDLTemplateColorScheme(primaryRGBColor: green, secondaryRGBColor: grey, backgroundRGBColor: darkGrey)
```
!@

@![android, javaSE, javaEE]
```java
// TODO
```
!@

## Customizing the Menu Title and Icon

> You can also customize the title and icon of the main menu button that appears on your template layouts. The menu icon must already be uploaded with a specific name through the file manager; see the [Uploading Images guide](Other SDL Features/Uploading Images) for more information on how to upload your image.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can also customize the title and icon of the main menu button that appears on your template layouts. The menu icon first be uploaded with a specific name through the file manager; see the [Uploading Images guide](Other SDL Features/Uploading Images) for more information on how to upload your image.
```

Author: Your suggestion doesn't make sense.

@![iOS]
##### Objective-C
```objc
SDLSetGlobalProperties *setGlobals = [[SDLSetGlobalProperties alloc] init];

> setGlobals.menuTitle = @"Custom Title";

Reviewer: ```suggestion
setGlobals.menuTitle = @"<#Custom Title#>";
```

// This must be uploaded before referencing the name here

> setGlobals.menuIcon = [[SDLImage alloc] initWithName:@"Custom Icon Name" isTemplate:YES];

Reviewer: ```suggestion
setGlobals.menuIcon = [[SDLImage alloc] initWithName:@"<#Custom Icon Name#>" isTemplate:YES];
```

[self.sdlManager sendRequest:setGlobals withResponseHandler:^(SDLRPCRequest *request, SDLRPCResponse *response, NSError *error) {
    if (error != nil) {
        // Something went wrong
    }

    // The menu title and icon should be updated
}];
```

##### Swift
```swift
let setGlobals = SDLSetGlobalProperties()

> setGlobals.menuTitle = "Custom Title"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
setGlobals.menuTitle = "<#Custom Title#>"
```

// This must be uploaded before referencing the name here

> setGlobals.menuIcon = SDLImage(name: "Custom Icon Name", isTemplate: true)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
setGlobals.menuIcon = SDLImage(name: "<#Custom Icon Name#>", isTemplate: true)
```

# Customizing the Template
You have the ability to customize the look and feel of the template. How much customization is available depends on the RPC version of the head unit you are connected with as well as the design of the HMI.

## Customizing Template Colors (RPC v5.0+)
You can customize the color scheme of your app using template coloring APIs.

### Customizing the Default Layout
You can change the template colors of the initial template layout in the `lifecycleConfiguration`.

![Template Coloring from Above](assets/template-colors-example.png)

> !@[iOS]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
@![iOS]
```

Author: Fixed (other tags were reversed too)
